Causes of death are many and varied. Old age, suicide, illness...
But the cause of death that scares the most people in this day and age...
...is death by fire.
"Episode 1: A Fire Soldier's Fight"
"Ameyoko"
Where should we go next?
I think they sell ice cream over there.
It looked really good.
Ice cream, ice cream!
Isn't this nice? The two of them look so cute and girly.
Maki-san, you could have worn a dress, too. You'd look good in one.
I...
...can't pull it off.
It's like the fight in the Nether never happened.
There are so many people here, living in fear that they might become an Infernal.
I have to make sure those joyful smiles aren't just a sham...
...by finding a way to turn Infernals back into people.
Then I'll unravel the mystery of the Evangelist and Adolla Bursts,
and do away with spontaneous human combustion.
What's wrong? You've got a goofy look on your face.
You're eating more? I'm surprised you can put away all that sweet stuff.
Hey, guys, I have a little suggestion.
"Operation Make Over the Lieutenant."
This is my first day off in a while.
Come to think of it, I haven't played any soccer recently.
Would you like to go to that place I mentioned before?
Oh, I would!
Let's go check out some new clothes.
I want to have some freshly-made ice cream!
I'm looking forward to us all going out together.
They're all going shopping?
It's been a long day, huh?
The three of us are going out tomorrow.
Shinra-san, how would you like to come with us?
Me, too? Are you sure you don't mind?
Sister, why invite him?
Do you have any plans?
Oh, no, nothing in particular.
...Good evening, sir! ...Good evening, sir!
Good evening, sir!
"Waypoint"
You're all going shopping?
"Don't Cry Bypass"
That sounds nice.
Go enjoy yourselves.
...Yes, sir...Yes, sir.
His fashion sense is as awful as ever.
Does he get pushed into buying the shopping district's overstock?
The lieutenant is the one who should be going shopping.
What if we were to buy some more stylish clothes for the lieutenant?
Oh, that sounds like fun!
...Good idea! Which store should we go to?
...Lieutenant... ...Good idea! Which store should we go to?
...they're having fun at your expense.
Oh, my... What do you think about this one?
No, this one!
Well, how about this?
Do you think he'd actually wear something like this?
A bald wig? I doubt even he would do that.
It has to at least fit in the hat category for the lieutenant to even consider it.
Well then, how about this one?
Oh, is that what we're up to now?
I think a stuffed-animal head might be pushing it a bit, too.
"Head Spa"
"Don't Cry Bypass"
Indeed, I'm curious where the lieutenant draws the line on his fashion sense.
It makes me want to push right up to where that line is!
I love our lieutenant.
Hold on, I thought we were trying to make the lieutenant look better.
And if our goal is to make him look snappier,
what are we even doing in this store?
Maki-san is the one who picked the store.
Shinra-san, this would look good on you.
Oh, she's so close...
Ah, this is fun.
You're so damn gross.
...Who are you calling gross? ...You are. Stay away from me.
She's so aggravating.
Tamaki-san has been very concerned about you.
We heard about your mother. Let's all work together to find a way to save her.
You got hurt so badly, and yet you pulled through.
I'm sure you'll see Sho-kun again.
Thank you very much.
I really am glad... we're all at the 8th.
Thank you!
Maki-san!
I'm taking provisional command as an emergency response.
Shinra, get over to the site fast and assess the situation,
and direct the civilian evacuation there.
You two are with me.
We're going to secure evacuation routes for the civilians in the area.
...Roger! ...Roger!
Ow...
Excalibur!
Arthur?!
It is a knight's duty to protect the weak, Devil.
Who are you calling weak, you stupid knight?!
Are you all right, Shinra?!
Yes, sir!
Is that an Infernal?
Look how big it is.
What do we do, Captain?
The civilian evacuation is complete, right? Let's get this sorted out.
Shinra, get into your turnout gear.
Roger!
Licht and Vulcan, locate the core of that giant Infernal.
...Roger that...You got it.
Sister, if you'll handle the prayer?
Right.
The rest of us will buy time until their analysis is complete.
...Roger! ...Roger!
"Viktor Licht" "Special Fire Force Company 8" "Forensic Science Officer" "Unpowered"
"Vulcan Joseph" "Special Fire Force Company 8" "Engineer" "Unpowered"
"Iris" "Special Fire Force Company 8" "Sister" "Unpowered"
"Maki Oze" "Special Fire Force Company 8" "First Class Fire Soldier" "Second-generation pyrokinetic"
"Tamaki Kotatsu" "Special Fire Force Company 1" "(currently on suspension at the 8th)" "First Class Fire Soldier" "Third-generation pyrokinetic"
"Akitaru Obi" "Special Fire Force Company 8" "Captain" "Unpowered"
"Takehisa Hinawa" "Special Fire Force Company 8" "Lieutenant" "Second-generation pyrokinetic"
Is this even possible?
This is intriguing!
Not good, not good, not good!
...Oh no you don't! ...Oh no you don't!
"Arthur Boyle" "Special Fire Force Company 8" "Second Class Fire Soldier" "Third-generation pyrokinetic"
"Shinra Kusakabe" "Special Fire Force Company 8" "Second Class Fire Soldier" "Third-generation pyrokinetic"
What did your analysis reveal?
We discovered something fascinating. This thing's body has multiple cores.
Multiple cores?
Five, to be precise. One in each of his arms and legs,
and a main core, the toughest of them all, in his chest.
You're saying we have to destroy all the cores to put this thing to rest?
Yes indeed. To do so, all of you must destroy the arms and legs,
to immobilize the giant Infernal.
As for the final, hardened main core,
Shinra-kun will have to hit it with his maximum firepower.
All right, those of you with ranged attacks... Hinawa, Maki, and Tamaki... take the arms;
Arthur and I will take out the legs.
Beyond that, Shinra, it all rests with you.
Yes, sir!
We can't afford to waste any time. We'll tackle this all at once!
1420. Commencing putting this giant Infernal to rest!
...Roger! ...Roger!
That's the core, huh?
"Velocity Control: Acceleration"
...He's fast! ...I'll stop him in his tracks!
"Nekomata"
Sputter! Flare!
Maximum power!
"Sput-Flare Rush"
You are a fool to bare your fangs to the Knight King.
My name is Arthur Boyle!
Supreme commander of Camelot,
and captain of the Order of the Round Table!
"Violet Flash"
Well done, everyone!
Take this!
I train...
...every morning for this!
Shinra, the rest is up to you!
Right!
The flame is the soul's breath.
The black smoke is the soul's release.
Ashes thou wert and art. May thy soul...
Soul of mine... ...return to the great flame of fire.
...take flame!
"Rapid-Man Kick"
"Fire Force"
Látom.
"Fire Force" "Season 2"
Hinawa! Enough is enough, man!
Don't you know when you've gone too far?!
"Nudist Bitch"
I am terribly sorry, sir.
Is there anyone who would come to work dressed like that, for any reason?!
I'm sorry, sir. I did not realize it until you said so.
What the hell is the matter with you?!
What happened to make the captain so angry?
And with Lieutenant Hinawa, at that.
What do we do? He's steaming mad because of what we did.
W-We never thought he would actually wear it, though.
Oh, God.
Have you even read what's written on your cap?
"Nudist Bitch"
No, sir, I never even looked at it.
Where did you even get such ridiculous clothes? Did you buy them yourself?
Ah, what do we do, what do we do?
...What do we do? ...We have to apologize.
Yes, sir. I bought them myself.
Lieutenant, that's going above and beyond.
You did, huh? I see.
Maki! Iris! Tamaki! Shinra! Get in here!
Eep. He knows.
I know you gave him these clothes.
You took advantage of the lieutenant's indifference to fashion.
Is that what you think of your superior officers?
Who was it that planned this ridiculous stunt?!
The three of them were kind enough to invite me to go shopping with them.
They're my dear friends here at the 8th.
I have to be like Lieutenant Hinawa, and not sell my friends out.
...Shinra did it! ...Shinra did it!
Huh?!
Mom... ...girls can be... ...terrifying.
"Episode 1: A F̶i̶r̶e̶ ̶S̶o̶l̶d̶i̶e̶r̶'̶s̶ Man's Fight"
Shinra, come in here for a minute!
Excuse me, sir.
The time has come once again. This year, we're going to do this right.
Huh? Do what?
The Special Fire Force nude calendar!
"Nude?"
Huh?!
"Overindulgent pecs"
Th-The Special Fire Force nude calendar, sir?
"Powerful abs"
The nude calendar!
"Brawny backs"
"Expository biceps"
It's something they started to make the Special Fire Force more relatable.
And the shoot for this calendar is coming up?
Currently, there are eight Special Fire Force companies.
Each company takes their month in turn between January and August.
Our month is August.
What do they do with September through December?
From September on, it goes by popularity.
The best four start in September,
and work their way up to first place in December.
What place did the 8th take last year?
Last place, sir?
Correct.
I'm just going to have a look...
...at last year's calendar. Let's see, August...
You really went all out, I see.
We were aiming for the top spot.
By the way, who was in first place? They would be December, right?
That company boasts steadfast popularity.
Ugh, Rekka...
As a result of the crowd-favorite Rekka being killed in action,
we may stand a chance this year.
Indeed, that's true.
That's inappropriate to say! And how is he a crowd favorite?
Come to think of it, there's Dr. Giovanni from the 3rd.
They might show what he's got under wraps.
This has definitely been faked, huh?
Damn you, die!
Nude, though, huh? Nude...
What did the 5th do? I might get to see Captain Hibana's dynamite nu... nude...
Who are these guys?! Screw them! They're the gravel guys, aren't they?!
Shinra-san, what were you hoping to see? The calendar is just men.
"Special Fire Force Company 5, Combine"
Shinra naked! I want to see Shinra's calendar picture!
"Interior, Captain's Office"
I want to... I want to, but on the other hand...
...everyone will see!
The whole world will realize what appeal Shinra has...
Once that happens, Shinra will no longer belong to only me.
But that's inevitable. I have no choice but to accept it.
...Princess, would you please check our photo?
...Shut up, gravel! Just go with whatever! ...Princess, would you please check our photo?
They're all getting into this more than I expected.
I'll bet the 7th has absolutely no interest in this.
Captain Shinmon is actually pretty popular.
Huh?! Captain Shinmon?! I can understand why he'd be popular,
but how would he even appear in this to begin with?
July...
This was definitely from a hidden camera, wasn't it?
Hey, where is Waka?
He went to the bathhouse, sir. Is it time for this year's calendar again?
We can't let ourselves be outdone by those empire dirtbags at anything.
I'm going to go snap a great photo of him with this.
I'm looking forward to seeing it, Lieutenant Konro.
Hey!
You really got me good last year.
Did you really think I wouldn't notice?!
They're all waiting... for the big, bold man who can win over everyone.
There's only one such man here in Asakusa.
You have to do this, Benimaru!
Me...?
...Stop screwing around! Give me that camera! I'll take it!
...No, Waka! It has to be you! As a man, you get it, right?! ...Stop screwing around! Give me that camera! I'll take it!
A hidden camera shot, a doctored photo, and the gravel brigade...
How did the 8th get beaten out by all of them?
That all ends this year.
This year, we have new personnel! The 8th's calendar days are just beginning!
...Hmph! ...We'll get 'em this year!
That's true; last year, it was just Captain Obi and Lieutenant Hinawa.
Compared to the other companies, that seems a little vacant.
I have to ask, though, what's up with this pose you're both doing?
That pose is...
Power!
Cobra!
Huh?
How about that? It's well received by the female half.
No, no, no, look at how they're taking it!
You can't let the whole world in on an inside joke like that!
What's wrong, Shinra? There's no spark in your eye.
Well, no, of course not.
I've come up with the way we're going to win this year.
You've come up with some other weird gimmick?
The star of this secret plan will be front and center. Take a good look.
Power!
Cobra!
Wait for it!
...Twin Cobras! ...Twin Cobras!
Dead last.
"To be continued"
"Fire Force, Season 2"
"Next time"
Shinra-san calls on Captain Hague of the 4th
in search of information concerning Adolla Bursts.
As Shina is taken aback by Captain Hague's odd demeanor,
something strange comes over him, as well!
What's happened to you, Shinra-san?
I'm done with this. Die, every last one of you!
"Episode 2: Flames of Madness"
Next time on Fire Force, Season 2, episode 2, "Flames of Madness."
Return to the great flame of fire. Látom.
Subtitles Diego Moraes(oakislandtk) www.opensubtitles.org